So friends, in today's video we are going to
tell you that have you got insurance from ICICI Lombard
or
friends, you have taken any kind of
loan from ICICI Loan Board, if you have
any kind of problem then friends
you call the customer care number and you do
not know what is the customer care number,
how do we talk, so friends,
in today's video I am going to tell you the complete information,
friends, how to get the
direct customer care number of ICICI Lombard
and how to call it,
your talk will be done immediately, so
friends, let's start the video at your time,
before this friends, if you have
not subscribed to my channel yet, then
please subscribe because
we keep bringing such information to you, so
friends, let's start the video,
for this friends, you have to open any browser
and here you will find some fake number, friends,
you have to take this number from here,
which friends, if you get your proc
number, then the way I am telling you,
you will
get the customer care number in the same way, so
friends, you have to search here  ICICI
Lombard, you have to click on this, as soon as you click,
friends, you have to click on the first link that comes,
as soon as you click, the
official website of ICICI Lombard will open here,
insurance is available here like car,
bike, travel, health, business, renewal, whatever
you want to do, you can do it from here,
but friends, we
want to put the customer care number here, so here a
whatsapp2 66
is written, this whatsapp2,
you can chat immediately by clicking on it, so friends, in this way
you can talk to ICICI Lombard, I
hope you liked the video a lot,
friends, if you still have any problem,
then you can tell us in the comments,
I will try to make a separate video for you,
so we will meet with such a new
video, till then Jai Hind Jai
Bharat